docs: clarify Co-Scientist additional credits are purchased (25.3) (#1683)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.3/co-scientist/use-cases.md

:::

:::note

> Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Seqera AI. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.

Author: ```suggestion
Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.
```

> Seqera Cloud users receive $20 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.

Author: ```suggestion
Qualifying Seqera Cloud users receive $100 in free credits to get started with Co-Scientist. [Contact us](https://seqera.io/platform/seqera-ai/request-credits/) to purchase additional credits.
```

:::

> Seqera AI is an intelligent command-line assistant that helps you build, run, and manage bioinformatics workflows. The following sections describe several common use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
Co-Scientist is an intelligent command-line assistant that helps you build, run, and manage bioinformatics workflows. The following sections describe several common use cases.
```
